[Music]
hey guys strong arms bulky shoulders
powerful legs and that stubborn belly
fat that's spoiling the whole picture
can you relate to this problem
unfortunately finding out how to burn
stomach fat correctly can't be a
challenge but no worries you're in the
right place at the right time here's
what to do number one deadlifts to put
it simply it's lifting a loaded barbell
or a bar off the ground to the hip level
while trying to keep your back straight
at all times this exercise involves your
whole body you build muscle mass and
ramp up your metabolism that's exactly
what you need to burn that annoying
belly fat - squats it's a strength
exercise where you bring your hips down
from a standing position and then raise
your body again while doing squats you
actively use your abdominal muscles
which helps you to build a solid
midsection this exercise also
effectively revs up your metabolism 3
the elliptical trainer if you have your
workout in the gym opt for an elliptical
trainer an exercise machine that
stimulates walking and running it
provides an intense workout that burns
as many calories as running but at the
same time it's much less taxing on your
joints for pull-ups
it's an upper body strength exercise
where you first hang in the air
suspended by the hands and then pull
yourself up by bringing your elbows
toward the torso this exercise not only
demands a lot from your upper limbs but
also involves your abdominal muscles and
the core probably more than you realize
pull-ups aren't an exercise for a
beginner if you're a newbie in the world
of sports better try number 5
burpees when you want to lose some belly
fat you need to involve and train as
many muscles as you can that's what
makes burpees so effective
this exercise demands a lot of effort
your body is like a spring when you go
from a push-up position to a jump and
then back again while doing it you hit
pretty much all the main muscles in the
body plus experts say that 10 fast paced
burpees are as effective as a
a minute all-out sprint six dumbbell
overhead lunge try holding a dumbbell
overhead and all of a sudden your lunges
turn into a great belly fat burner the
load shifts with your every move and you
have to tense your core and abdominal
muscles to keep the weight right above
your head as a pleasant bonus your back
and glutes get some okay a lot of
training as well number seven the rowing
machine this exercise machine can
provide you with a stellar upper body
workout besides improving your posture
and strengthening your back and
shoulders it also helps to work abs and
burn belly fat unfortunately it won't
spot reduce your waistline simply
because the whole spot reduction concept
is nothing but a myth but rowing can
become an effective part of your weight
loss program number eight mountain
climber you can think of this exercise
as a moving play
you need to abruptly draw one knee after
another into your chest while doing many
crunches this exercise may seem simple
but your core and abdominal muscles have
to work overtime not only helping you
lift and move your legs but also keeping
your body stable otherwise you're likely
to fall over on your side once one of
your legs is in the air number nine
exercise ball crunches try to do
crunches while lying on an exercise ball
with your lower back supported and your
feet firmly on the floor by contracting
your abs lift your torso up and forward
and then lower it back this exercise is
particularly effective because you have
to keep the ball stable every time you
do a crunch it engages more muscles and
makes your abs work more intensely
number 10 kettlebell swings a correct
kettlebell swing works your abs back and
glutes
what's even better this exercise tones
the midsection and helps get rid of a
paunch remember to be abrupt while
driving the kettlebell up and stay tense
during every new swing make sure your
back isn't rounded try not to squat Plus
don't involve your arms too much they
should only guide and control the
kettlebell
not lift it your core and hips are
supposed to do most of the work 11 sled
pushes moving heavy weights usually
makes your body respond by starting to
burn fat there's no way you can push a
heavy sled without using your whole body
including your abs and core muscles just
make sure the load isn't too heavy or
too light the best thing about sled push
is though if you do everything correctly
this exercise is completely joint
friendly number 12 medicine ball slams
if it's been ages since you've used a
medicine ball now it's time to refresh
your skills when you slam such a heavy
thing against the floor your core
abdominal and pretty much all other
muscles between your hips and neck work
in unison as you start to pick up the
pace propelling the ball to the floor
with more and more velocity and power
your heart rate elevates these two
factors lead to some serious belly flab
loss 13 vertical leg crunches that's a
more complicated version of a regular
crotch you have to do vertical leg
crunches with your straight legs up in
the air you should lift yourself up by
flexing your abs it makes them work
harder and increases the effectiveness
and intensity of the exercise number 14
cycling it's a low impact cardio
exercise meaning it's easier on your
muscles and joints which by no means
equals an easy and ineffective exercise
depending on the speed and intensity you
pick you can burn 250 to 500 calories
during a half hour ride 15 the bicycle
exercise and since we've started talking
about cycling I can help this cool
exercise it makes your lower abs work
harder than standard crunches but also
involves higher apps a perfect match for
losing belly fat Plus this exercise
involves body rotation and abdominal
stabilization which makes it one of the
best exercises for strengthening the
muscles around the belly vitamin
it takes some guts to lose that gut
still enjoy the ride hey if you learn
something new today then give the video
a like and share it with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life